Fix base64 validation and add unittests (#10515)
minetest/minetest: doc/client_lua_api.txt

    * Example: `minetest.rgba(10, 20, 30, 40)`, returns `"#0A141E28"`
* `minetest.encode_base64(string)`: returns string encoded in base64
    * Encodes a string in base64.
* `minetest.decode_base64(string)`: returns string or nil for invalid base64

>     * Padding needs to be omitted for 5.3.0 and lower not to return nil

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Before 5.5.0 this function did not accept padding and returned nil
```
